Update Getting_Started_with_the_IAS_Toolkit.md (#3562)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: develop/devguide/Automation/Howto/Getting_Started_with_the_IAS_Toolkit.md

    {

>         // DO NOT REMOVE THIS COMMENTED-OUT CODE OR THE SCRIPT WON'T RUN!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // DO NOT REMOVE THIS COMMENT OR THE SCRIPT WON'T RUN!
```

Reviewer 2: I only saw this suggestion after merging; I'll add it in a separate commit in a moment.

Reviewer: Sorry, I only noticed later that this part could be improved
